_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am [Wenjing Ma](https://marvinquiet.github.io/cv/). I used to be a software engineer. Although being a coder is cool, I still wish to do more. Therefore, I transferred to Bioinformatics to see whether I could do something big and make more impact.

For now, I am a visiting scholar at [zanglab](http://faculty.virginia.edu/zanglab/)@University of Virginia, and I plan to apply for a Ph.D. degree in Bioinformatics or Computational Biology. Through these months of training, I am now familiar with next-generation sequencing techonologies and protocols. Meanwhile, I also developed a **web surface named [BARTweb](http://bartweb.org/)** .

BARTweb integrates two previously published innovative computational methods, [MARGE](http://cistrome.org/MARGE/index.html) and [BART](http://faculty.virginia.edu/zanglab/bart/). It first uses MARGE to generate a genome-wide cis-regulatory profile regulating the genes by leveraging hundreds of publicly available ChIP-seq profiles for active enhancer histone mark H3K27ac and DNase-seq profiles for genome-wide cis-regulatory elements. Then it uses BART to identify a list of transcription factors whose binding profiles most correlate with the cis-regulatory profile by comparing thousands of ChIP-seq datasets in human or mouse.

With increasing amount of ChIP-seq data being published every year, the rapid growth of public data size and intensive computing load make it inconvenient for users to run either MARGE or BART on a personal computer. BARTweb was developed to help users easily use bioinformatics tools with an up-to-date data library, currently including more than 12,000 ChIP-seq datasets for over 800 transcription factors in human and over 500 transcription factors in mouse. BARTweb serves users concurrently by adopting a supercomputer cluster and a Docker container.

My current **research interests** include the transcriptional regulatory mechanism, single-cell related data analysis, and bioinformatics analysis methods development. If you have any questions regarding my academic experiences, please feel free to contact me at <mawenjing1993@gmail.com>.

Commit message:

up-to-date on Sept 2019

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Greetings, welcome to my page! I am [Wenjing Ma](https://marvinquiet.github.io/cv/), a first-year Ph.D. student in [the CSI Program at Emory University](https://www.cs.emory.edu/graduate/general-information/). I obtained my master and bachelor's degrees both in Computer Science from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications (BUPT). I was a software engineer after graduation, and thanks to a book - *The Gene: An Intimate History*, I realized the gap between traditional biology research and advanced computing technology. It led me to Bioinformatics area, to which I can contribute my computer science skills.

Now, I am doing rotation projects with [Professor Zhaohui "Steve" Qin](https://www.sph.emory.edu/faculty/profile/#!ZQIN4) on single-cell genomics data analysis, and I wish to continue this work with Professor Qin in the future. Before joining Emory, I was a visiting scholar in [Zanglab](http://faculty.virginia.edu/zanglab/) at the University of Virginia advised by [Professor Chongzhi Zang](http://faculty.virginia.edu/zanglab/people.htm), and I learned a lot about Next-Generation Sequencing protocols and related analysis methodologies.  During my stay at Zanglab, I developed a web tool named BARTweb based on the lab's previous work. Please feel free to upload a gene list or a genomic binding profile to make a transcription factors prediction!

**My current research interests are (1) method developments in single-cell data analysis, including scRNA-seq and scATAC-seq,  (2) deconvolute bulk genomics data to single-cell level, and  (3) transcriptional regulatory mechanism.  If you happen to be interested in the above areas, please shoot me an e-mail at [wenjing.ma@emory.edu](wenjing.ma@emory.edu)!**
